Update file detonation to handle cached samples (#41400)
demisto/content: Packs/VMRay/ReleaseNotes/1_1_19.md

#### Playbooks

##### Detonate File - VMRay

> - Updated the Detonate File - VMRay playbook to %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_CHANGE_DESCRIPTION%%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Detonate File - VMRay playbook to handle cached samples.
```
